Unkonwingly Committed Crimes.

© Parties responsible for violence, such as assault, extortion, trespassing, property damage, confinement, and blackmailing are more severely punished inthe following cases.
* Repeated offenses, joint violence by 2 or more persons, violence through the threat of collective force, or violence using weapons or other dangerous objects.
* Organization of a group with the purpose of committing violence, joining or being active in such group.

© Weapons such as knives and spears, must not be carried without a permit.
* Penalty A fine of up to 100,000won andar detention in accordance withthe Article No. 20 the Minar Offenses Act, imprisonment for up to 5 years and/or a fine of up to 10millon won 
in accordance withthe Article 12 of the Weapons Control Act.
 
© Gambling and opening of gambling places.
* Mah-jong (Chinal, Hi-lol (Thailand], Socdia (Vietnaml, Poker and Hwatu must not be played for the purpose of gaining property or betting.
* A person who opens a gambling lace is also severely punishable as a person who gambles.

© Smishing.
* Clicking on Internet addresses of motile phone messages with contents such as 'free coupon’, ete. » malicious code can be installed in he smartphone » resulting in losses of small 
quantities can occur even without the victim realizing it or leakage of private or financial information, etc.
* Verify by telephoning before clicking internet sites sent by messages even if sent by acquaintances, and strengthen securiy settings to ensure applications are not installed unaterally to 
prevent losses.
*Method to strengthen smartphone security settings: settings » security » devce management » tick V in the ‘unknown orgin'.

© Taking possession of properties without owners from streets (bicycles, etc.) is also punishable as theft.

© Overseas money transfer between individuals without using a foreign exchange bank is punishable as a serious crime.

© Foreigners over the age of 17 must always carry a form of identification (Passport, alien registration card). Failure to do so can result in a fine being imposed (less than 1 million won).
*If you try to use an ID of another person or deceive status, it may be separately charged with obstruction of justice by the hierarchy.
* The National Police Agency and the Ministry of Justice (Immigration Policy Headquarters) can jointly use personal information of foreigners since 2014.

© The following cases when driving vehicles, etc. are severely punished.
* Driving vehicles or motorcycles without a driving license orn cases of drunk driving.
* Driving vehicles [namely Daepocha] without legal transfer of ownership.

©Fines can be charged in case of violation of basic regulations.
* Do not throw cigarettes, chewing gum, trash, etc thoughtlessly.
‘Do not spit thoughtlessly in public places or smoke in no-smoking areas.
* Drivers of motorcycles and riders must wear a helmet, and roads must be crossed by a pedestrian overpass or crosswalk.


Crime Prevention in the Daily Life.

© Domestic Violence.
* For issues that cannot be solved on your own, immediately notify the police, friends, relatves or colleagues and seek help.
*Obtain evidence (photographs, medical certificates, etc) of Physical injuries and seek consultation with a domestic violence specialist (Women’s Emergency Line 1366 / Danuri Call Center
1577-1366).
*If domestic volence can be predicted, leave the place to avoid emergencies prioritizing the safety of your child.
 
© Disappearance, kidnapping and child abuse.
*Teach your child to not follow strangers even though they act in a familar way, and to shout for help if they are being taken forcefuly.
*Teach your child to remember his/her name, age, address, telephone number and parents name. Try to remember where your child went, or with whom he/she went out, as well as 
their clothing before going out.
* Ensure necklaces, bracelets, name tags, etc, with the child's contact number are not seen easily from outside.
*Child abuse - children harassed prysically, emotionally and psychologically or when they are neglected or not looked after - isseverely punished.

© School violence.
* School violence is the act that accompanies physical, psychological or financial damage by violence, threats and bullying, etc, that happens among the students in and outside the school.
* Teach your child to not use quiet roads alone and report damages, such as having their belongings being taken away through violence, immediately to the police station.
*It is advisable to seek testimony from surrounding friends who have witnesses the accident, and to know personal information of the perpetrator, time, location and method of school 
violence suffered.
 

 

 
© Sex crime (forced indecent act, sexual harassment,
sexual violence, prostitution, etc.)

+ Prompt and stern rejection or resistance Ishouting, screaming
bitin, hing, et may be effective ast startles the offenders,

+ Teach your child to do not use quiet roads alone and report damages,
such as having their belongings being taken away through violence,
immediately to the police station, .

« Itisadvisable to seek testimony from surrounding friends wh have
witnessed the accident, and to know personal information of the

‘Clearly express your opinion of your preferences at workplace,

perpetrator, time, acation and method of school violence suffered.

remain professional during working hours and do not take part in

conversations that are sexual in nature.
‘= Teach your child about sex correctly without avoiding the subject,
‘and to ask for help immediately when facing dificulties.
«If your child has been a victim of sex crime, please goimmediatelyto
the ONE-STOP Support Center, emergency room or police station.
Take photographs of bruises or wounds. Keep evidence, such as
underwear in an uncoated paper bag,

~ Preserve the location of sex crime as i is for collection of further
evidence,

+ Prostitution is the sexual actor similar actin exchange of a fhed
price such as money and valuables, Those involved in prostitution,
and those who take place, act, provide location and related services,
are severally punished.

% However, those forced to prostitution, or those who suffered hu
‘man trafficking for prostitution purposes shal not be punished,

LB. Crime Report information
+ Emergency Super fr Vii Sco Sex and Does Volence
Genera support 26 Sunflower Centers atone, 3856075

2a 24 hours free of charge services| to victims of school and do-
Imes violence and sexual crime t retated to consutain
trical suppor. nvesigation, egal sport comecons Wi
restcaters.et
-Usenermatin andi constaton
Dal fathut national number 17 access won sfel82 208"
“Celular phone message report 117 mobi melon
report fe 8295671
+ Missing Chiron Finding Cal Center
{zd puts report application nang] | 162
+ child Abuse Line
{zunours report application ndhanding) | 122/877-1391
+ Danur call center
Iprevious immigrant Females Emergency Support Center | TRUT136
+ Korea Famiy Legs Constation
14s 777 orvoralanbarecK

 

 

© Fraud (illegal multi-level sales operators, telephone
financial fraud (Voice Phishing), Internet frauds, ec.)
vorcactons of gods in which the consi
“fda to ec og otanl cesar,

becomes thesller without using radona isa:
Brcleaton levels nthe followsng eases, and the encouragement of
Subscription as 8 member or sles staf of sch operators

 

 
 

ring members and investors in return of high profits,
wet iaing buying sre, forced purchase, loans, et
«= When registering part-timers, homebound work and employment
as sales staff, etc. but in reality forcing the purchase of goods
= When advertising products falsely or exaggeratingly as high-quality
and selling at a more expensive price

& Verification inquiries of registered legal businesses.
'* Fair Trade Commission | www.tc.go.kr, 044-200-4010

‘* Mutual Aid Cooperation | wwrwmacco.orkr, 02-565-1202

'* Korea Special Sales Cooperation | wwywkossa.orkr, 02-2058-0831

‘+ Do not reply to telephone requests of personal information such
‘as bank accounts, cards, identification number, etc. pretending to
be from a public organization or financial organization.

% Frauds of bank statements and by pretending to be a call center
telemarketer, etc, are also severely punished,

AB Voice Phishing cas

‘Demands fora child's ransom after creating a situation when the
child cannot answer the phone.

* Demand for tax returns by parties claiming to be an employee ofthe
National Pension Serie or National Health insurance Corporation

* Demands for il/ee payment by partes claiming tobe an employee
‘bank credit card carmpany or telephone/internet company,

* Pemand for persona/bank information by partes claiming to
Ceuta Dore ofan official organization fpaice, public pros.

~Wfhen a triend asks to borrow some money into an account of
‘Someone else nat of hisfher ow using mai, ete,

 

* Refrain from direct trans
internet. When using an on
etal for legitimacy
Cyber Bureau (cyverbureay

involved in online frauds

actions between individuals on the
line store, veri its business registration

'upalice.20.49 : Information on parties
‘and reporting online fraud

© Theft (sneakthieving, pickpocket
cen leaving your oe ov
outings, vacation

snatching, etc.)

house empty for an
PY for an extended period of time

‘he house, vide and
* Be cari in cromet ee
Pckpoches uaa i SN
* Leave handbags or cross Ley
diverging en
nally wih shoe
hasbeen witha,

 

  

‘all or sidewalk sid instead
th od sid ata tines ander a
suitable length, ®

ea
"mn rom your bank account, abe #4M of caah

 

 

 
ns

© Call 112 immediately if you have witnessed or are
the victim of a crime for quick help.

«Calm report contents suchas date, location the crime itself as
well a6 the appearance, characterises, accessories, number of
participants direction of scape, ec. ofthe offenders).

+ 112 reports canbe cae from pubic telephones free of charge by
pressing the emergency button [red emergency cll button + 112)

112 can alo be called to report emergencies other than crimes.

rime scenes must remain untouched until the police arrives to
facilitate the collection of evidence. Cooperate with the police in a
crime scene investigation.

rime report and emergencies

ime report 112

 

 

 

 

+ Emergency support center for victims of || 117

school and female violence

line | 1588-7179

 

‘= School violence emergency repo

+ Gyber terror - private information 118
Violation report

   

 

 

  

Missing children re
\, © Female emergency line | 1366
‘© Danuri call center 1577-1366 ;
> Fe emergencies emergency rescue report | 119
« Government sence guide [io
« Foreign tourist information 1330

~ Fiuman rights violation appeal consultation | 1331

  

 
O Reports to the Immigrati
u ions Office is
Prevent human rights violation even ies 2
victim of a specific crime such as hom de oe
violence, robbery, injury, etc, has illegal aay) ate
+ Seek assistance from the police without :
fear of havi
country forcibly by reporting crime cae Os
‘* The related crimes are crimes related to t i
Nn the Special Act
to Violent Actions, etc, Special Act Related to Sexual Niles
Special Act Related to Traffic Accidents such as homicide. robben
rape, injury, violence, accidental homicide, negection, dae
fraud, threat, abuse, arrest, confinement, Blackmail, knagping,
disturbance ofthe exercise or rights, indecent act, etc ‘

 

° ‘Assistance Center for Foreigners’ such as the
multicultural family support center, NGO Organization,
etc. are being operated to enable foreigners to report
crimes and make civil appeals without having to visit
a police station,

* Process

5
:
Ce SN RU CAC eee eC ey
:
fey lee RU oe ee Rd
De ee CUO un Cee)

 

. * Foreigners can visit an Assistance

Center for Foreigners to report a

crime or request any inconvenience

experienced while living in Korea,

An assistant will forward the report

received or request assistance from

the police or foreign affairs police

Depending onthe nature ofthe report

or request, the police or foreign affairs

{ ee Farle the case directly or forward itt an appropriate
organization,

 

JB. crime report or counseling measures
Reports related to criminal cages such a8 Wolence, coreer
Clonee, school wance, rau (prosecutn, Serer
shall be handled directly by the respons

 

 
 

« Details related to overdue wages, industrial accidents, residence
status, et. shall be reported tothe Ministry of Labor, Ministry of
Gender Equality & Family or the Ministry of Justice. The app
may be directed tothe related embassy or consulate depending
on the details ofthe civil appeal made.

# Locations of Assistant

    

the foreign affairs dep: olce station

© Support for crime (damage) prevention training and
assistance in the written driving license test can be received,
«To support the creation ofa stable society with resident aliens.

- A Visiting Crime Prevention Class" is being operated by the
Multicultural Family Support Center, Labor Status, NGO
Organizations, etc. to provide consultation about dificulties
and inform cases of common crimes, aspects to be considered
according to the characteristics of the group such as marriage
immigrant females, foreign workers, foreign students, etc. by
visiting the chosen place,

- A‘Driving License Class for Foreigners’ is being operated with

sin the written driving

 

specialist lecturers to supp
license test. (provided in 10 languages}

AB Driving license test inquiries:
+ Road Traffic Authority Call Center: 1577-1120
Ihttp://koroad.orkrl
+ Written test: possible to be taken in 10 languages
3 English, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Thai, Mongotian,
Indian, Russian, Khmer language, Tagalog language

% Inquiries about the Crime Prev
Class can be checked in the

tion Class and Driving License
reign affairs department at your

  
  

nearest police station,

(© Interpretation service is provided when reporting a
crime (damage) and for civil appeals in order to assist
foreigners not fluent in the Korean language.

Bi interpretation Service Status
+ Tourist Interpretation Information 1330
4 languages such as Korean, English, Japanese, Chinese, etc.

 

 

 

‘* Danuri Call Center 1877-1366
13 languages such as Vietnamese, Mongolian, Khmer lan-
‘guage, etc.

+ Foreigner General information 1365, 1661-2025
20 languages such as Thai, Indonesian, Urdu language, etc.

‘= BBB Korea

 

588-5646
19 languages suchas Turkish, Polish, Hind, Malay language, et.

® Crimes (damages) and civil appeals are applied by a 3-way

call (police officer - interpreter - appealer) whe
appealer) when using the
interpretation service by calling 112 °

 
